utils: psh: add mem command description (#97)
phoenix-rtos/phoenix-rtos-doc: utils/psh-applets/mem.md

# mem

> `mem` is a utility that prints a memory map. In simplification the memory map is a representation of RAM physical memory, do not confuse with disk space. For more information please see the [Memory management](../../kernel/vm/README.md) chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mem` is a utility tool that provides detailed information about the current status of memory maps and paging. In general,a memory map is a structure of data that indicates how memory is arranged. In different contexts, the term "memory map" can have different meanings, for more detailed information, refer to the [Memory management](../../kernel/vm/README.md) section.
```
